job soda presents three maybe
oh hey I'm Jason I'm hat I'm Michael and
today we're talking about III some of
our dislikes are when 3kb plays video
games we enjoy a refreshing drink of
jones soda hey what do you got there oh
this yeah oh this is a new flavor from
junsu de creme soon it's actually not
new at all yeah have a sip it's the only
choice for gamers cheers from our hearts
to yours hi hi get your own yeah don't
like a bullfrog in a find a place so
this video is to tell you guys in the
next few weeks we will be talking about
III our thoughts our likes or dislikes
predictions are predictions yeah you
said predictions it's over with know
what predictions of what's gonna be good
is not I know but do you think the
town's later Jay Z's gonna do really
well yeah battletag yeah yeah hey I'm
talk I'm gonna defend connect or not
we'll talk about everything from connect
3ds muy and the move I used to fuss make
me a thought oh yeah I ate a sandwich so
the next six episodes on our channel is
all about III you'll get to enjoy III
and get to be a little more familiar
with it in case you missed things well
you kids come on over and get some Jones
I got you a cream soda hmm yeah I heard
about these these are supposed to be
gonna be great yeah I just had some and
it is how do they do that I don't know
Tommy think doing it alignment Lou you
like the juice of the John not really
going to put these can be commercials in
Arlen know
3 kilobytes